.TH nvim-sway 1
.SH NAME
nvim-sway \- navigate between sway windows and neovim splits
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nvim-sway
[\fB\-t\fR \fItimeout\fR] \fR<\fIleft\fR|\fIright\fR|\fIup\fR|\fIdown\fR>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B nvim-sway
allows navigation between both sway windows and neovim splits.
It does this using neovim and sway rpc.
No neovim plugins are required.
However, it does require a recent version of neovim.
.PP Communication with sway is done over the socket found in the \fI$SWAYSOCK\fI environment variable.
The neovim socket is found by first finding the pid of the target neovim instance and then searching for in the standard neovim socket locations.
These are \%"\fI$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR\fR"\: and \%"\fI$TMPDIR/nvim.$USER\fR"\:.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-timeout=\fIMS\fR
Set neovim IPC timeout in milliseconds (default: 100). Use 0 for no timeout.
.TP
.BR \-? ", " \-\-help
Print a help message.
.TP
.BR \-\-usage
Print a short usage message.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print the version.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR SWAYSOCK
Specifies the path to the sway IPC socket.
.TP
.BR XDG_RUNTIME_DIR
If \%"\fI$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR\fR"\: is set the specified directory will be searched for a neovim socket.
.TP
.BR TMP_DIR
If \%"\fI$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR\fR"\: is not set the tmp directory will be searched for a neovim socket.
.TP
.BR USER
\%"\fI$USER\fR"\: is also used to construct the neovim socket path in the absence of \%"\fI$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR\fR"\:.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.BR nvim-sway " " left
Move neovim split or sway window focus to the left.
.TP
.BR nvim-sway " " \-t " " 50 " " right
Move focus to the right with a 50ms timeout.
.TP
.BR nvim-sway " " \-t " " 0 " " up
Move focus up with no timeout (blocks until neovim responds).
.TP
.BR nvim-sway " " down
Move neovim split or sway window focus down (uses default 100ms timeout).
.SH AUTHORS
Maintained by Chad Jablonski <chad@jablonski.xyz>.
For more information about nvim-sway development, see <https://github.com/cjab/nvim-sway>.
